The Joe Rogan.
Experience, I've done radio shows where they tell you,
they want you to bring up certain subjects where you have jokes. You know,
there's not even that long ago, man. Like less than 10 years ago,
I did one of those, uh,
national radio shows in the Midwest and they asked me to do that.
And I was like, what? And the producer got upset and I go, I don't do that.
I go, I'm not gonna do that. And like, we need subjects.
Like the guy was like pissy with me. Yeah. I'm like, wow.
It's hard to do. Cause you feel embarrassed. It's like pro you feel just,
you feel dirty like when someone's doing your bit and you know,
you're doing it and they're ah, they're fake laughing. Oh. That's the worst.
Who's enjoying.
This. That's what radio used to be though. What radio used to be like,
you'd go on wa a F in Boston and you know,
you would talk to the guys and you would kind of work in your bits. Yeah.
You know? And like everybody did it. Everybody did their bits.
Yeah. I guess it was a part of it, but I was never good at it.
Well, cuz you're authentic. But op and Anthony was the first to me,
like Howard's show was much more controlled. You know, Howard's behind the mix.
He's kind of controlling everything.
There's a certain amount of time that he would talk to you and then other people
would come in and then, you know, he, he had like a, a more,
more of a structure, whereas O and a,
you would go in there and Anthony would have a gun and, you know,
op Opie's behind the mixer. Just sort of watching all this chaos,
go on different comics come filtering in. And you know,
remember the time Marion Barry walked in.
Yeah. He was going on sway next door. And we, we,
he was like a little out of it and loopy and we,
we just hijacked him <laugh> and he kind of walked in,
like he had no idea who we were. It was really uncomfortable.
And I knew he was gonna leave soon.
So I immediately started asking him about crack. You went right.
Into, you knew was in that pipe. And.
He, he was like, nobody knows what's in that pipe. I go,
nobody knows what's in that pipe. I'm like, you knew what's in that pipe. The.
Are you talking about man?
And the publicist was like, come on, let's go. They wanted to get him outta.
There. They wanted to get him outta.
There immediately. Yeah. That was fun. Marion Barry. He died.
Not too long after that. I don't.
Think right. It wasn't that long after that. Yeah. It was funny, man.
I remember there was a, uh, an interview. You,
they did where there was a news station.
They were talking about to people about his arrest and all this stuff. And uh,
they interviewed this guy. He goes, call, come on, man.
Everybody smokes a little crack every now and then I'm like,
everybody smokes a little crack every now and then that's.
A great quote from a mayor. <laugh> that's a great.
Mayor's he wasn't him though. He wasn't saying it. Someone else is saying it.
Oh, about defense of him. All right.
If it was him saying that that would be hilarious. Yeah. I'm like,
how did I miss that? No, no. It was another guy that was on the street.
Who was like, everybody smokes a little crack every now.
And then did he reelected after that too? Yes, he did. Yeah.
I think he went to jail. Came out and got reelected. Yeah. Yes.
People at DC. Very forgiving L ool. Yeah. Yeah. Very forgiving. Strange.
Place, man. Uh.
You showed me how you can choked me last time with the.
Tie. Did you get a breakaway tie? No I didn't. But.
You know, I kinda,
I kinda let you have that one cuz I think I can defend it pretty well.
Well you're.
Probably very good at defending jokes. Yeah.
No, no. From, with like with the tie, I don't have a system yet.
I'll have to talk to John donnaher to develop a tie. Wait, all.
You have to do, man is just take the back of the tie. Cut it.
Put a little piece of Velcro in each end. You got the same tie. Yeah, the.
Snap. No,
but I think you going under the tie to try to start the choke
mm-hmm <affirmative> actually, I mean, you're making yourself a,
on their like maybe youeutenant an arm bar or something like that.
Like I think there's a, don't.
Silly. Don't be silly. Well, listen, if someone grabs a hold of your collar,
that's the same thing. But theekiel chokes are.
Deadly, right? Yeah. But it's not over. Yeah. If you sink it in mm-hmm.
<Affirmative> but it it's. So it collars are real problem.
Right? In jujitsu. They're a real problem. If someone gets deep on your collar.
Like someone on this with a suit, right. Someone.
Starts doing this man. You're. Yeah. Not good. Not good.
Collars are not good.
If you go deep, if you get in deep. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Well the problem with that is it's a handle it's worse than a collar.
Cuz I'll get underneath that knot and I grab a hold of that and then it's all
just twisting.
Yeah. But it's you have to you're.
Right. Have to, I would have to get it. I'd have to get it. And.
You also kinda have to hold onto this part cuz it can loosen naturally unless
you're really good at like cuz it loosens does it? Yeah.
It loosens naturally. This is a system to this. I think <laugh> yeah.
You haven't thought through this. So.
You don't think I have, did I try to choke people with ties on?
Have you his friends? Yeah. I'm like lemme grab a hold of that tie real quick.
I'm like what happens if I do this? Yeah. No, no, not jujitsu.
People. And also it's probably a joke. Yeah. Yeah.
If I was fighting for my life, I think it'd be different. Well.
Sure. You're a tough guy. You are actually trained martial artist. I mean,
I'm not saying it would be easy to grab your tie and choke to death. Well,
what I'm saying is it's one more area of vulnerability that doesn't need.
To exist. Yeah. But see,
I'm disagreeing with you and saying like if I was gonna fight to the death,
I would wear the suit. Okay. Cause.
That would look good with time.
Let me tell you something about CIA agents and secret service guys.
They wear breakaway ties.
That's because they're not good martial artists. Oh that's not.
True. There's a lot of those guys are savages. Are they a? Yeah. You man.
You like blue belts or purple belts like black belts, man. If you're a,
if you're a secret service guy and you're supposed to be protecting the
president, I guarantee you a bunch of those guys are savages.
I think they're smart enough to use guns that too.
Yeah. But they don't, you know, if they have to wear a tie,
a lot of people like to wear breakaway.
Ties. And that I think is a, a really heartening idea that actually, if you ex,
if you hear more from these people, they are self- discrediting. Right.
Mm right. But, but if you, if you ban them,
you're almost giving them a kind of glamor,
a kind of martydo status that they don't deserve. And, and,
and that I think attracts a lot of people to their worldview. Mm.
That's. There's definitely something to be for that. Yeah.
There's definitely something be said. I mean,
like I'm not in favor of banning these people. Yeah. But I'm not also,
I'm also not in favor of these people.
Being able to espouse hate speech everywhere they go.
And to be able to indoctrinate people as well. It's like,
I don't know what the actual well do you trust?
Well, I I'll put it as my view.
I do not trust the state to decide what constitutes hate speech. I don't either.
No, I, I don't believe that. Um, I mean, in the UK,
they've proven that they're not capable of doing that same as Canada. Right?
Ex exactly. Absolutely. Clearly. So, so in that case,
I'm for abolishing the idea of hate as a practice, we have,
I dunno how much you know about the UK with this. Right?
We have a thing where the police will investigate you for non-crime
if it's offensive, right? Non-crime so there's a website,
the government's website and hate crime has a paragraph on non-crime hate
incidents. Okay. And what they specifically say is if you've,
if someone said something and it's offensive to you and you believe that that
person said something because of you,
you were one of the protected characteristics because of race, gender,
sexuality, disability, whatever.
Then you report that to the police and it gets logged in the hate crime
statistics as a hate crime. Even though there's no crime, I'll,
I'll give you a very specific example.
This there's a famous case in the UK at the moment, man called Harry.
He was a Docker from humside and uh,
thepoli he retweeted a poem that was perceived to be transphobic.
And people were upset about the, he didn't even write the poem.
He just retweetted the poem. The police investigated his retweet and they,
and he said to them, have I broken the law? They said, this isn't a crime.
This is a non-crime hate incident.
And the actual phrase the police officer used,
I'm not joking was we have to check your thinking, right? Whoa.
Now that's sinister. What? And then when the police were humhomicide,
police were challenged on this, but in the media,
it turns out this is standard practice in the police.
This isn't just one rogue police officer going a bit mad.
This is standard practice. The,
the commissioning guidelines from the college of police in
actually stipulate that this is what you're meant to do.
This is now finally been challenged in the courts.
But no one stood up to this stuff. You know.
I got one of those nest cameras. Oh, the nest.
Cameras captured.
A ghost. Those yeah. And I was at the comedy, works in Denver and the.
Ghost comes with you to.
Denver. <laugh> he opens for me. <laugh>
you know, you want an opener that you can trust. Yeah.
And I got an alert on my email the first time. Like if you,
if it senses movement, it alerts you. And I open it up and there's my dog,
Bella, just in the thing. I'm like, this is so cool. I'm just like, I'm in,
I'm in Denver. And I'm looking at my office and I thought,
wouldn't that be a cool beginning of a horror movie.
If you get an alert on your phone and back at home,
there's a guy just staring in the camera of like, Jesus, Jesus Christ.
That's a good premise for a movie. So then I,
as I'm saying that to my opening act, who's who, wasn't a ghost.
I get another alert and then this comes up.
Oh yeah. You can see it up there.
Okay. Do, why do you have a picture of Chris? Delali on your wall?
<laugh> he's he's obsessed with Chris Delali we just found out, look at that,
bro. That's delliaah Chris,
keep away from Tom something you might not know. I love delliaah.
But that's.
George Carlin. That's a man with a wrench.
Yeah. Or a man in a trench coat with an uzy. This is 10 o'clock at night.
The only people home or my wife and my daughter this on the second floor,
there is no shadow coming in the thing. It's a ghost.
That's a legit. You.
Don't think that's a person. That's not a person for sure.
My wife is the only one in the house.
Hmm. And you think that's a gun? His hand could be a clipboard.
Maybe he's just a really annoying surveyor from the dead.
<Laugh>s.
He's looking at it.
Just like a few moments of your time to show out this report.
Did you have video of it?
Was it moving or something? No,
but I have a video of another thing in the same office, which I could show you.
This is weird. Yeah. It,
it looks way different in this picture when it's small than it does when it's
large, which is scar. When it's large, it looks more like a person.
Can you make it even bigger? Jamie, can you make his image larger?
Hmm. I have a ghost in my house and then we hear things.
Yeah. See, it does seem, it seems like, you know, the light is behind him,
right? Like, yeah. Like the outside right.
Edge of it is sort of highlighted. Like there's a light behind him.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> it doesn't look very gun though. It is.
Weird.
The big one that I remember is on,
on my second space walk where connecting this dish antenna and had to go on top
of this big boom, like a big pedestal.
And there was a connector that had an electrical connector and we had, uh,
like an hour or so to connect the thing. And without it connected,
wasn't getting any power or data, uh, to that antenna.
And it could get too cold.
And this gazillion dollar antenna could be a worthless hunk of junk.
If you take too long, you're on the clock. Cuz when it was in the shuttle,
it was plugged in. It was getting its,
its heaters were on and now you gotta plug it back in and get the heaters back
on in a certain amount of time. And so we're like, okay, we plan this,
we train this, we get up there and the clinicers won't go together.
Like it doesn't fit.
And these two pieces of equipment sat next to each other for like a year in
Florida in a, like a warehouse and nobody ever thought, well,
oh maybe we should make sure this thing fits.
Oh no. Yeah.
And we get up there, like it doesn't fit and we're like, crap, you know,
what do we, so, uh, we're shoving and we're shoving so hard.
We're pushing on this thing.
So hard that the guys inside the space station said, they,
they feel the space station shaking. Like that's how hard we were trying.
And then we see little metal shavings come off.
And one of those they can get into connectors and we're like, that's bad.
So we stopped. And uh, and then,
and then this like kind of my, my big hero moment, you know, like in the movies,
they like Brad Pitt saves the solar system and stuff. You know,
this is my thing, right? It's not that exciting. But uh, I thought I, I,
I had this idea. I said, Hey, um, the,
the problem we were basically having was that the female side was too small and
uh, and the male side was too big for it to fit together. So I said to the, uh,
one of my crewmates inside, I said, Hey, how long till the sun comes up?
Cuz you know, it takes 90 minutes to go around the,
the earth and every 45 minutes, the sun's either coming up or going down.
So it can't be that long.
And he goes actually about 10 minutes cuz we're behind the earth and it was
dark. And then in 10 minutes the sun was gonna come up. I'm like, perfect.
So I took the um, the, the female side. Um,
oh I'm, I'm sorry. I took the, I took the male side and I held it in my glove.
Okay. And I put it behind the structure wa I sun was gonna be coming from here.
So I put it in the shadow and I waited for the sun to come up and it hit the
female side.
And the temperature difference if you're in the sun or in the shade is I can be
up to like 600 degrees, Fahrenheit difference.
So I let the sun hit it and warm it up.
And I took the male side quickly outta my, my insulated hand and away from the,
and I slid it in and went right in. Wow. And that was, it saved the day.
So you just deduced this,
just understanding how things change according to temperature. Yeah.
Thermalr expansion. Wow. Yeah. That's incredible.
Yeah. That was my thing. Did you yell at the people.
Who manufactured it?
No, we were so happy. We, I, I have video of this. You can. And, and uh,
we were, we were going, Woohoo,
give each other high fives in the suits and we were doing like, woo <laugh>.
Wow. That was, uh, that was victory. That's.
A great victory though. There really is that you figure that out.
I.